Fix for disconnected infill lines with custom location for path optim… (#53)
ORNLSlicer/Slicer-2: README.md

## Engagement

> If expanding on this work is of interest, please feel free to contact us. We are always on the lookout for new partners! We also strongly believe in developing the pathing community. We hold a yearly workshop for all things path planning related where we bring together members of the community to discuss broader issues with toolpathing for additive manufacturing. This seminar is known as the **SL**icing **U**sers **G**roup (SLUG) and is usually held in late spring. Archived recordings can be found on the wiki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If expanding on this work is of interest, please feel free to contact us. We are always on the lookout for new partners! We also strongly believe in developing the toolpathing community. We hold a yearly workshop for all things toolpath planning related where we bring together members of the community to discuss broader issues with toolpathing for additive manufacturing. This seminar is known as the **SL**icing **U**sers **G**roup (SLUG) and is normally held in late spring. Archived recordings can be found on the wiki.
```

> If expanding on this work is of interest, please feel free to contact us. We are always on the lookout for new partners! We also strongly believe in developing the pathing community. We hold a yearly workshop for all things path planning related where we bring together members of the community to discuss broader issues with toolpathing for additive manufacturing. This seminar is known as the **SL**icing **U**sers **G**roup (SLUG) and is usually held in late spring. Archived recordings can be found on the wiki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If expanding on this work is of interest, please feel free to contact us. We are always on the lookout for new partners! We also strongly believe in developing the toolpathing community. We hold a yearly workshop for all things toolpath planning related where we bring together members of the community to discuss broader issues with toolpathing for additive manufacturing. This seminar is known as the **SL**icing **U**sers **G**roup (SLUG) and is normally held in late spring. Archived recordings can be found on the wiki.
```
